♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and
dangerous seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the pirates
in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became
rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Responding to a distress signal,
they land on the island
of Punk Hazard.
There, Luffy forms an
alliance with the Warlord
Trafalgar Law and
goes into battle against
Caesar Clown,
Master of the island,
but Luffy proves
no match for Caesar's
mysterious powers.
Meanwhile, Law also faces defeat
at the hands of the Navy G-5
base commander Vergo.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Now this time,
I've devised a helpful remedy.
A bit of a boost.
A special meal to stimulate
Smiley's toxic form.
It provides an added effect
to his poisonous composition.
One that will transform
him into a perfect weapon
of mass destruction!
You're about to witness
the birth of a new weapon,
one that I call
Land of the Dead!
[BROOK]
Huh? Do you guys see that?
Am I hallucinating from fatigue?
[SUBORDINATE B]
Run for it!
[SMILEY growls]
My sweet Smiley!
How I have longed
to see your face!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
After all these years!
[SMILEY growls]
That's right! Oh, Smiley!
You remember me!
It's so good to see you again!
There's a special
surprise for you,
a delicious snack!
Okay. Now what?
It ate the candy.
[CHOPPER]
What is that gross thing?
That's a good boy.
Good Smiley.
Shuro. Shurororororo!
It's complete.
Not a living soul
can stop him now.
Shurororororo!
[LUFFY] "The Deadliest Weapon of
Mass Destruction in History!
Land of the Dead"!
What the hell is that monster?
Looks like a giant one
of them creepy slime things.
Why're they showin' us this?
Somethin' ain't right.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
Smiley ate it!
Swallowed the candy whole!
It's happening!
Good boy, Smiley!
Now be reborn!
[SMILEY growls]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
Show them all of your power!
What kind of ugly baby
is it gonna be reborn as?
The most powerful weapon
of mass destruction ever.
Man, that is one big frog.
And now, begin your
new life as death!
[SUBORDINATES yell]
Oh, crap, it's making
all sorts of bad noises!
What's it doing?
I don't wanna look!
[SATYR A] Neither do I!
But I know it's something bad!
We just gotta keep running
until we get to the lab
like the Master said!
Dammit, why'd that stupid
sled hafta go and break?
It's not fair!
Please, help us, Master!
I got a bad feeling
about the way
that thing's acting!
Perhaps that giant
candy gave it a spot
of indigestion!
Quit speculating and run!
Have you not noticed
the frantic flight
of the island's soldiers?
I assure you, nothing good
can come of this!
Yeah, my thoughts exactly!
[SMILEY growls]
You have made me so
proud of you, Smiley.
Until we meet again.
Now, be reborn and arise.
Become the ultimate weapon.
Land of the Dead!
What's it doing?
[CAESAR CLOWN] Transform this
island into a lethal wasteland!
Hang on. Don't tell me.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Keep running!
Ah! Wait for me!
[SUBORDINATES yell]
[SUBORDINATE A]
Hey! Wait for--
What's wrong with my legs?!
What's it doin' to me?
Someone help me!
[SATYR E yells]
It's poison gas!
[SATYR A] Keep running,
don't let it touch you!
I can't move my body!
It's like a statue!
Oh, no, oh, no,
it's gaining on us! Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
Yes! The experiment
is a success!
I have perfected
an inescapable death!
No one walks away from this!
Although the poison from
my last experiment worked,
there were still survivors.
They were ambulatory,
able to seek medical aid.
That was the problem.
I should've immobilized
them from the start!
This new gas smothers
the body in a shell-like ash.
The toxins seep through
the skin and instantly
paralyze the victim.
Shurororororo!
Behold!
The most effective
mass-manufactured massacre!
Spread, my toxic death!
Show this world what
a living hell looks like!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
This is pure madness.
All of those goat guys.
[SUBORDINATES grunt]
No! I wanna live!
They're freezing solid.
Help, Master!
Hey, what is this crap?
It's like some kinda
horror show.
[JERO]
All the ones that got wiped out,
they looked like Caesar's
freak-show soldiers.
[BAKEZO] I'm just glad we're not
where that purple smoke is--
Actually, wait a sec.
Where ya think
they're filmin' this?
I wonder.
Don't turn around if ya
haven't figured it out.
[MARINES]
Huh?
Someone tell me
I'm not seein' this.
No! That massacre
happened right behind us?
Help, Master!
Aw, crap.
If that stuff touches us,
we'll end up like them.
We're doomed!
We're on an island, we can't
outrun a cloud of death gas!
Now I get it.
They sealed up the lab
so they could keep
the gas from gettin' inside.
[PIKE]
Open the damn door, Caesar!
You heartless bastard,
I don't wanna die
on your frozen island!
Damn! Dammit! Damn you!
Let us in!
[USOPP]
Hey! I found him!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
You okay, Brownbeard?
He's still breathing,
but I don't know.
[NAMI (SANJI)]
He doesn't look good.
We're both still
alive thanks to you.
Caesar!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Gastanet!
The poor guy.
Well! Let's get to work
and pull him out
from under this pipe, Sanji!
I'm Nami, dammit!
What?
Stop acting so disappointed!
No, I just...
Huh?
Well, I realized how heavy
that pipe's gonna be.
Doesn't matter, we gotta do it!
[BOTH grunt]
I can't get this thing
to budge an inch!
Don't give up yet!
[grunting]
We're gonna get you out, bud!
So just hang in there!
Keep fighting!
You'll be all right!
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
You're helping me?
[grunting]
Don't give up, Brownbeard!
You can't die!
Hell no!
I'm not dyin' yet!
[ALL yell]
That bastard, Caesar.
He's gonna pay.
I'm with you there.
But first thing,
I gotta save my crew
and get 'em off this island.
Or I'll never be able
to die in peace.
[BROWNBEARD laughing]
Hey, now, take it easy.
I gotta get to the lab.
That's where he's got
my crew workin' for him.
Not so fast.
You're still badly injured.
Hey, we're goin'
to the same place!
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Huh?
I'm sure that jerk's got
the kids locked up by now,
but we're gonna save 'em
for real this time.
Considering that,
let me pose a logical
proposition for you.
Let's team up and
take down that gas bastard.
[NAMI (SANJI)]
Hey, what's that smoke?
[USOPP]
Whoa, whoa, what the hell?
That is a ton of smoke.
You guys ever seen
purple smoke before?
Looks like poison gas.
[USOPP, NAMI (SANJI)]
Huh? Poison gas?!
It's headed right for us!
No, no, no, what do we do?
[NAMI (SANJI)]
How the hell should I know?!
Why don't you
come up with an idea?
[USOPP] Seriously? My idea
was to ask you what to do!
Now start thinking or--
[BROWNBEARD]
Climb up on my back, you two.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[GROUP]
Run!
For your life!
[yelling]
Aw, crap!
It's about to catch up to us!
If you fall behind,
we'll have to leave you!
Slow down and
you're good as dead!
[BROOK whining]
[KIN'EMON yells]
[ALL yell]
[BROOK] Zoro!
There's no way we can outrun it!
[ALL yell]
[KIN'EMON] It's overtaking us!
We'll perish!
Run faster than the damn wind!
Let's go!
[ALL yell]
[KIN'EMON] Did we succeed
in outrunning it at all?
[ZORO] Don't turn around to
check, just keep running
at full speed!
[BROOK yells]
[SANJI (NAMI)] Our legs
are gonna give out on us
if we keep this up!
[yelling]
There's some kind of
large animal up ahead!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Looks like a giant lizard!
No, it's...
[ZORO]
It's a dragon!
[BROOK, SANJI (NAMI)]
A dragon?!
[KIN'EMON]
So it would appear!
[SANJI]
Don't gimme that crap!
Dragons are from fairy tales!
[ZORO] They're real enough
on this island!
But this one looks smaller
than the other one I saw!
Holy crap!
We can fly on the damn
thing if we catch it!
[BROOK]
That's a brilliant idea!
[SANJI (NAMI)] Then let's do it!
And do it fast!
I can't keep runnin' like this!
Wait up, you fairy tale bastard!
Hey, that's Zoro!
They're all runnin'
from the smoke!
[ALL yell]
Would ya look at those fools?
What're they doin' out there?
And what the hell kind
of stupid run is that?
Oh, look, the samurai
got his whole body back.
Yeah, you're right!
Guess that means he's
not gonna give me his legs.
Hey, wait, that's not
important right now, Robin!
Run faster, guys!
That smoke'll freeze you dead!
You gotta ru--
Oh, man. I don't have
the strength to yell.
Dammit. Dumb Sea Prism Stone.
[CAESAR CLOWN] I take it
those are friends of yours,
Straw Hat Luffy?
Shurorororo!
Well that does help to
explain why they're so
difficult to kill.
Shurorororo!
But their lungs
will soon give out
and the gas will overtake them.
Shurororororo!
In a mere matter of minutes now,
this island will truly become
a Land of the Dead!
Nothing can survive
outside of these walls.
Not one single soul
will be left alive.
Shurororororo!
Oh, by the way...
That includes you, too!
What's happening?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
[LUFFY yells]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
And now,
I offer you all
as proof to the world!
Evidence of the true
destructive power
of my Land of the Dead!
A pirate worth 400
million berries.
A Vice-Admiral of the Navy.
And even a dreaded
Warlord of the Sea.
You're all completely helpless
against my genius tide of death!
Shurororororo!
[CHOPPER]
What do I do? Think!
I've gotta do something
or he's gonna kill
all my friends!
But how can I help?
With these injuries,
I'll only get myself captured.
And if that happens,
the drug formula
and sedatives I found--
it'll all be for nothing!
Oh, no!
I just don't know what to do!
[grunts]
[CHOPPER yelps]
I really don't need
any more close calls today!
Wait, what is this?
[CHOPPER]]
"Don't do anything?"
Who threw this?
Hey, up there! A cage!
Whoa, look who's inside!
--[MARINE F] It's Smokey!
--[MARINE G] And Tashigi!
[MARINE H] Thank goodness,
they're still alive!
Uh... Hang on.
They're all wrapped in chains!
[MARINE I] Dammit!
We really are all gonna die!
[MARINE G]
Smokey! Tashigi!
Guys!
[MARINES yelling]
[yelling continues]
[FRANKY]
So, y'know, I've gotta say.
They really built that lab
as solid as a fortress.
[ROBIN]
Very true.
And rather well-designed
for maneuvering
heavy equipment.
How can you two be so relaxed?
[LUFFY] Hmm. So, how're we
gettin' outta this jam?
[LAW] I wasn't expecting
Vergo to show up.
But no matter.
I'm not gonna let
a small detail like that
hold us back now, Straw Hat.
We're stickin' with the plan.
Just don't screw it up again.
Time for the counterattack.
Right!
[NARRATOR]
All across the New World,
people watch keenly as the
fearsome weapon
Land of the Dead closes
in on Luffy's group.
And just when it seems our
hero's luck has run out
for good, Law sets a surprise
plan into motion that's sure
to turn the tables
in their favor.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Launching the Counterattack!
Luffy and Law's Great Escape!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!